It's not a shame to waste something so good.
I told you that you wanted me to die so much.
If I was afraid of death, it would be difficult for you to do anything to my son.
Meeting, let’s go first, let’s go,
Mine must die today, act, act,
Don't talk and we will eat,
Just know how to eat, just know how to eat.
Just eat it. Just eat it. Just eat it. Will eat. Will eat.
Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. At once
Can eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat.
Will eat. Will eat.
Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will eat. Will
eat. Will eat
The whole is good, the whole is so pitiful, so pitiful, so pitiful, so pitiful